Introduction:
	Troubleshooting is a form of problem solving often applied to repair failed products or processes on a machine or a system.
My experience in Troubleshooting Subject:
Troubleshooting has never been my favorite subject. In fact, it always been my least favorite subject. Going through school, I often wondered why I needed to do so many troubleshooting related tasks, and in wondering, I learned to detest the subject without realizing its future benefits.  Despite my dislike towards the subject at first I am now beginning to like with it. Our instructor is Sir Galao which I like. I was amazed and frustrated when I know that in finals we are going take NC2 examination. We formed a group and gather information about our topic which is RAM. We presented it using prezy and it went well. After that we conduct a test after 3 groups finished reporting their presentation. I was sad when Sir Galao left us  and surprise a little bit when I know that the new  instructor is gonna be my friend’s boyfriend ??. Whenever I go this class its kind of funny to look my friend’s face when looking at you it feels so awkward. Going through the discussion I did not listen very carefully coz its  a presentation report which I don’t like its keeping me into sleepy mode but I like it because less discussion . Though I’ve learned many kind of stuff in this subject like on repairing about the parts of a computer step by step. And to know more kinds and their functions which is important in our course. Though I did not know everything there maybe a little knowledge on this subject.  I know we can use this on our future works. On the final term sadly we cant take the NC2 exam because sir Galao left us. On the other day we troubleshoot raspi so my knowledge is getting larger now. We found out the defect on it and how to know if it is functional or not. According to our troubleshooting the raspi is functional and to know if its functional the led indicate it. On the next day im sad because I did not know that we are  going to troubleshoot another item. I did not gain any knowledge on that so sad. I am happy that in our final exam we are just make essay not like the other subject which is going take exam.
Comment:
First of all we thank God because he gave us teacher like you. You gave us knowledge and proper values. We owe everything from you sir. Your teaching skills gave us the dedication to pursue more our dreams. I found Sir max to be a wonderful teacher. The things that he taught me helped me a great deal in this class. You provide great environment to learn. As a teacher, Sir Max ha sgreat communication skills in that explanations are short and helpful. I think Sir Max did an excellent job iof sparking my interest in a course that I wasn’t very interested in and he was also awesome. Thank you so much for making  my experience in this subject wonderful. ssss 
